well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about what cars and buses can teach us
about our allies lately I have noticed a
whole lot of people who are generally
moving in the same direction spending
more time debating each other and
arguing with each other over fire points
then they spend working to get to their
destination or telling people headed the
other direction to turn around your
allies aren't perfect they're never
going to believe the same thing that you
do if they did believe exactly as you do
they're not your ally they're on your
team they're part of your army so to
speak allies by definition are people
that are aligned with you that generally
are moving in the same direction your
final destination is your utopia where
you want to end up as long as people are
moving in that direction
they're your ally what people seem to
want right now is for everybody to pile
in a car together and just drive to that
destination it's not how it works
because in addition to people having
varying views they're at different
places in their personal journey so at
this point in time they may not be ready
to go all the way with you or they may
see say see things differently you may
see things differently in five years
your destination may change your vision
of utopia may be different than it was
five years ago I would hope so so
instead of looking at it like a car look
at it like a city boss your utopia is
your dream your destination that's where
you want to get to and along the way
there's a whole bunch of stops
and people can get on and off as they
choose they may get on and ride five
stops with you and get off they don't
want to go all the way yet and it may
just be because their personal journey
they may not be ready to go all the way
yet maybe in another year another bus
comes by and they ride a few stops
further and then another bus and
eventually they catch up or maybe your
destination changes along the way but
arguing with people who are on the same
bus with you headed in the same
direction moving to the same general
area probably not as useful as debating
those who are going the wrong way it's
also probably a better use of your time
to perform maintenance on the bus fill
it up with gas whatever fits into the
analogy work towards actually making
sure you can get to that destination
rather than arguing about the
theoretical and the hypothetical of well
why don't you want to go as far as I do
or why are you slightly to the left or
slightly to the right of where I want to
be if you're headed in the same
direction your allies yeah there will be
spats there will be arguments but they
should be pretty short left because you
have other things to do you have bigger
things on your plate it's a long journey
it's gonna take a long time to get there
they have time to get off the bus for a
little bit catch back up later and you
have time to do the same thing your
allies are not perfect they never will
be anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night